---
layout: post
title: Drones in Switzerland
description: Switzerland based consultant providing services in drone development, troubleshooting and component integration on all platforms
image: assets/images/drone_0.jpg
exclude: false
---
## Drone services in Switzerland and Geneva

If you are looking for drone services in **Geneva Area** or **Switzerland** in areas such as **industrial inspection**, **photogrammetry**, **3D mapping** please feel free to get in touch.

## High level drone development

I have experience with implementing and integrating high level autonomy on Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS). The examples of my work include development of auto takeoff and auto landing functionality for fixed wing, multirotor and helicopter platforms. I also have an experience integrating various sensor types on multirotor and fixed wing platforms (e.g. time of flight sensors for height control and obstacle avoidance). 

## Drone platform consultations

There are multiple types of drone platforms available on the market today (multirotor aircraft, fixed wings etc.). Knowing their strengths and weaknesses is the first step towards selecting the right platform for the job. The second step is knowing the local regulations in order to perform your missions legally and in a safe manner. 

Having worked with multitude of drone platforms ranging from 50 g to 65 kg both as a developer and as an end-user I can help you troubleshoot issues with your platform setup. Having an understanding of architecture of various platforms and flight controller software I can aid you in pinpointing the problems you are observing on your setup.

